this is London Prime Minister's right
honorable Winston Churchill yesterday
morning at 2:41 a.m. at general
Eisenhower's headquarters general Jodl
the representative of the German High
Command and of Grand Admiral Dennis the
designated head of the German state
signed the act of unconditional
surrender of all German land sea and air
forces in Europe to the Allied
expeditionary forces and simultaneously
to the Soviet High Command hostilities
will end officially at one minute after
midnight tonight Tuesday the 8th of May
but in the interest of saving lives the
ceasefire began yesterday to be sounded
along all the front and our dirt Channel
Islands are also to be free today the
German war is therefore at an end
after years of intense preparation
Germany hurled herself on Poland at the
beginning of September 1939 and in
pursuance of our guarantee to Poland and
in common with the French Republic Great
Britain the British Empire and
Commonwealth of Nations declared war
upon this foul aggression
after gallant France had been struck
down we from this island and from our
United Empire maintained the struggle
single-handed for a whole year until we
were joined by the military might of
Soviet Russia and later by the
overwhelming power and resources of the
United States of America finally almost
the whole world was combined against the
evil doers who are now prostrate before
our gratitude to our splendid allies
goes forth from all our hearts in this
island and throughout the British Empire
we may allow ourselves a brief period of
rejoicing but let us not forget for a
moment the toils and efforts that lie
ahead Japan remains unsubdued we must
now devote all our strength and
resources to the completion of our tasks
both at home and abroad advance for
Kenya long live the cause of freedom god
save the king
[Music]
[Applause]
you